chore(docs): suggest consistent command without alias; add links within readme (#3400)
projen/projen: docs/getting-started/index.md

Modifying projen configuration is usually a matter of editing the properties that are passed to the project type's 
constructor, but sometimes you'll also make changes after the project type has been constructed. 

> For instance, if you want to add a new task([project command](/docs/concepts/tasks)) to your project, you call the `addTask` method:

Reviewer: ???

> For instance, if you want to add a new task([project command](/docs/concepts/tasks)) to your project, you call the `addTask` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if you want to add a new [task](../concepts/tasks.md)) to your project, you call the `addTask` method:
```
